The Data Analytics office is a lean team who is currently seeking a Data Analytics Manager who will be an Individual Contributor and will perform source data analysis and understand the data in depth. This individual will work with the business to understand the requirements,create business interface documents by Completing source to target data mappings as well as identify & document join and transformation logic for creating data products. Ensure data products are developed in accordance with business interface document. Create metadata documents such as data dictionary and business glossaries. Learn AXA analytic tools and solutions. Based on the focus of the role , the data analyst will also investigate data quality issues and determine functional and technical solutions. Facilitate business stewardship of data. Work with our domain business partners to create metrics to track data quality and investigate and prioritize data quality issues. Work with our IT and business counterparts to find the root cause of data quality issues and facilitate delivery of technical solutions. Learn to identify incorrect source data vs errors in transformation of data vs using incorrect data. Support the Data Governance Team in administering and enforce data governance and data quality processes and rules. Utilize the metadata repository to understand, correct and to reflect changes in definitions and data lineage information. Learn to create data quality metrics and produce periodic data quality tracking reports and visualizations.
Learn to differentiate source data quality issues (incorrect or missing data) vs data transformation errors vs data interpretation errors (using the wrong data for reporting and analytics). Relevant technical experience in automating data quality rules and using data analysis tools is desired.

Qualifications
QUALIFICATIONS:
In-depth knowledge of analytics and statistical software such as SQL, R, Python, Excel, Hadoop, Tableau and others to perform analysis and interpret data. Excellent written, verbal and interpersonal skills. Strong skills in presenting ideas and findings. Relevant technical skills include applied mathematics, statistics, calculus, quantitative or statistical methods or techniques, data mining, informatics, machine learning, data science, programming, computational algorithms, databases, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, bayesian inference, Markov logic, java, software engineering and/or systems design analysis. This position may also require project management training and experience. Data modeling and data profiling skills desired. Bachelor's / Master's Statistical Analytics, Data Science, or Actuarial Science. 2-4 years of relevant work experience.

ABOUT AXA:
We have been providing stability and reliability to our clients since 1859 to help them live their lives with confidence, to give them peace of mind, and enable them to realize their dreams for their loved ones and their legacy.

As an employer AXA is committed to creating an environment where everyone feels completely comfortable bringing their true selves to work every day. AXA US has been recognized and certified as a great place to work by the Great Place to Work Institute.

We provide our employees opportunities to move within our organization so they can grow their career and skills without ever having to leave AXA. Almost 40% of our open jobs are filled with current employees.
NOTE: AXA participates in the E-Verify program.

In addition to competitive compensation and an outstanding benefits package including 401 (k) and medical programs, we offer the opportunity for continued professional development in a congenial corporate environment.
